{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 VarelaRound-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;\red111\green111\blue111;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c50980\c50980\c50980;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16820\viewh11980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 Our client, a national home renovation network, presented us with a very unique opportunity, adding AR to a newly renovated home. Working closely with the lead decorator and host, we sought out to create an immersive experience for the home\'92s dragon design. \cb1 \
\

\fs36 \cf5 The Dragons Den Journey
\fs28 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 With a heavy focus on providing a next level experience in the renovated home, our clients sought us out. With this in mind, we immediately came together on creating a plan that would see the use of augmented reality to bring a real dragon to the den. Thanks to design inspiration from the client\'92s team, we were off to work.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 In order to fulfill their vision, the team created high quality 3D models to display in augmented reality. These models included a candle, sword, knight, dragon, fire pit, and crown. Next the team focused on next level immersion by adding elements of animation and sound effect. While also giving users the ability of rotation, movement, and resizing of the models. In the end the client loved the high quality of the application and ease of use during production and filming. \
\cf5 \cb6 \
iOS\cf4 \cb3 \
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-dragons-den-ar/id1459044098?ls=1&mt=8\
Android\
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lwa.dragonsden&hl=en_US\
}